The existing prebuild models: trained on specific form types:

Invoice model. Extracts common fields and their values from invoices.
Receipt model. Extracts common fields and their values from receipts.
US Tax model. Unified US tax model that can extract from forms such as W-2, 1098, 1099, and 1040.
ID document model. Extracts common fields and their values from US drivers' licenses, European Union IDs and drivers license, and international passports.
Business card model. Extracts common fields and their values from business cards.
Health insurance card model. Extracts common fields and their values from health insurance cards.
Marriage certificate. Extracts information from marriage certificates.
Credit/Debit card model. Extracts common information from bank cards.
Mortgage documents. Extracts information from mortgage closing disclosure, Uniform Residential Loan Application (Form 1003), Appraisal (Form 1004), Validation of Employment (Form 1005), and Uniform Underwriting and Transmittal Summary (Form 1008).
Bank statement model. Extracts account information including beginning and ending balances, transaction details from bank statements.
Pay Stub model. Extracts wages, hours, deductions, net pay, and other common pay stub fields.
Check model. Extracts payee, amount, date, and other relevant information from checks.


Using asynchronous calls : Whenever you want to call Azure AI Document Intelligence, you must start by connecting and authenticating with the service in your Azure subscription. 
To make that connection, you need:
  -- The service endpoint. This value is the URL where the service is published.
  -- The API key. This value is a unique key that grants access.


poller = document_analysis_client.begin_analyze_document(
        "prebuilt-layout", AnalyzeDocumentRequest(url_source=docUrl
    ))
result: AnalyzeResult = poller.result()


How can access Azure Document Intelligence services? 
-----------------------------------------------------
A REST API
Client library SDKs
Azure Document Intelligence Studio
Azure AI Foundry

How to train a custom model? 

I. Store sample forms in an Azure blob container, along with JSON files containing layout and label field information.
    --  You can generate an ocr.json file for each sample form using the Azure Document Intelligence's Analyze document function. Additionally, you need a single fields.json file describing the fields you want
to extract, and a labels.json file for each sample form mapping the fields to their location in that form.
II. Generate a shared access security (SAS) URL for the container.
III. Use the Build model REST API function (or equivalent SDK method).
IV. Use the Get model REST API function (or equivalent SDK method) to get the trained model ID.

OR

Use the Azure Document Intelligence Studio to label and train. There are two types of underlying models for custom forms custom template models or custom neural models.
  -- Custom template models accurately extract labeled key-value pairs, selection marks, tables, regions, and signatures from documents. Training only takes a few minutes, and more than 100 languages are supported.
  -- Custom neural models are deep learned models that combine layout and language features to accurately extract labeled fields from documents.This model is best for semi-structured or unstructured documents.


